install_build.md, before:

# Installations
## Packages requirement on BART
The C++ core is based upon the third-party library [deal.II](http://www.dealii.org/). Besides, PETSc is required to provided MPI interface and corresponding objects such as sparsematrix etc.

Before installation process, it is required to have CMake. If installation is on Mac OSX, xcode and commend line tool is also required. Checkout deal.II [wiki](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/wiki/MacOSX) for instructions.

## Mac OSX through .dmg
deal.II installation package can be downloaded [here](https://www.dealii.org/download.html) on the upper right corner. Checkout the Section "Detailed instructions" of deal.II [wiki page](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/wiki/MacOSX) for installation steps.

This installation contains every aspect of deal.II including PETSc, Trilinos, etc.
## Linux/Unix and Mac OSX through Homebrew/Linuxbrew
Installation on Linux/Unix and OSX can be done through Homebrew Linuxbrew as well. Checkout [here](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/wiki/deal.II-on-Homebrew---Linuxbrew) for instructions.

## Installation through candi
Installation can also be done through following instructions in [candi](https://github.com/koecher/candi).

## Build from scratch
This is to build deal.II with PETSc from scratch by oneself, which gives the most flexibility but is not recommended. If interested, please check [here](https://www.dealii.org/developer/readme.html).
# Build BART
Up to 2017-07-13, one could only build the core of BART, which is [XTrans](https://github.com/weixiong-zheng-berkeley/XTrans). In the future this will be updated.
## On Mac OSX
To build the core, one needs to add two lines to the ~/.profile to tell where the deal.II build is. If one installs deal.II using .dmg, one will see the requested two lines when opening the deal.II app. Depending on the version of deal.II, there will be suggestion adding something like:

`export DEAL_II_CONF_SILENT=ON`

`. /Applications/deal.II.app/Contents/Resources/share/deal.II/dealii.conf`

And then source ~/.profile. In the source code directory (where there is the CMakeLists.txt), type:

`cmake .`

`make`

Notice that in the future for running research problems, rather than development, replace `make` with:

`make release`

so that the code will run in release mode, which can be several times faster.

## On Linux/Unix
There is no requirement to add commands in ~/.bashrc. The only thing one needs to do after being in the source directory is:

`cmake -DDEAL_II_DIR=the_path_to_dealii .`

And then:

`make` or `make release`

Commit message:

Added how to use doxygen description #17

install_build.md, after:

# Installations
## Packages requirement on BART
The C++ core is based upon the third-party library [deal.II](http://www.dealii.org/). Besides, [PETSc](https://www.mcs.anl.gov/petsc/) is required to provided MPI interface and corresponding objects such as sparse matrix etc. Note that BART does not interface with PETSc directly, but rather uses [wrappers](https://dealii.org/8.4.1/doxygen/deal.II/group__PETScWrappers.html) from deal.II.

Before installation process, it is required to have CMake. If installation is on Mac OSX, xcode and commend line tool is also required. Checkout deal.II [wiki](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/wiki/MacOSX) for instructions.

## Mac OSX through .dmg
deal.II installation package can be downloaded [here](https://www.dealii.org/download.html) on the upper right corner. Checkout the Section "Detailed instructions" of deal.II [wiki page](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/wiki/MacOSX) for installation steps.

This installation contains every aspect of deal.II including PETSc, Trilinos, etc.
## Linux/Unix and Mac OSX through Homebrew/Linuxbrew
Installation on Linux/Unix and OSX can be done through Homebrew Linuxbrew as well. Checkout [here](https://github.com/dealii/dealii/wiki/deal.II-on-Homebrew---Linuxbrew) for instructions.

## Installation through candi
Installation can also be done through following instructions in [candi](https://github.com/koecher/candi).

## Build from scratch
This is to build deal.II with PETSc from scratch by oneself, which gives the most flexibility but is not recommended. If interested, please check [here](https://www.dealii.org/developer/readme.html).
# Build BART
Up to 2017-07-13, one could only build the core of BART, which is [XTrans](https://github.com/weixiong-zheng-berkeley/XTrans). In the future this will be updated.
## On Mac OSX
To build the core, one needs to add two lines to the ~/.profile to tell where the deal.II build is. If one installs deal.II using .dmg, one will see the requested two lines when opening the deal.II app. Depending on the version of deal.II, there will be suggestion adding something like:

`export DEAL_II_CONF_SILENT=ON`

`. /Applications/deal.II.app/Contents/Resources/share/deal.II/dealii.conf`

And then source ~/.profile. In the source code directory (where there is the CMakeLists.txt), type:

`cmake .`

`make`

Notice that in the future for running research problems, rather than development, replace `make` with:

`make release`

so that the code will run in release mode, which can be several times faster.

## On Linux/Unix
There is no requirement to add commands in ~/.bashrc. The only thing one needs to do after being in the source directory is:

`cmake -DDEAL_II_DIR=the_path_to_dealii .`

And then:

`make` or `make release`

# Documentation with doxygen
## Dependencies
There are two main dependencies. The first one is [GraphViz](http://www.graphviz.org/) and second one is [doxygen](http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/). Both are available on [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

In a terminal, run

`brew install graphviz`

and

`brew install doxygen`

## How to see the documentation
BART is documented with doxygen. A optimized doxygen configuration file has been provided in BART directory named "doxygen_config". Run the following command therein to build documentation pages:

`doxygen doxygen_config`

and doxygen html file is contained in doc/html. Open annotated.html therein to see the documentation.
